NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D's"!
ONE OF OUR DARK SIGNERS
HAS BEEN EXTINGUISHED.
TIME TO PAY OUR PRISONER
A LITTLE VISIT.
GREIGER, I GIVE YOU NEW
LIFE AS A DARK SIGNER!
GET OUTTA MY WAY!
SORRY, PAL, BUT YOU'RE
NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
I'M LOOKING
FOR YUSEI.
IF YOU WANNA GET TO YUSEI,
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO GO THROUGH ME.
PERHAPS BY DUELING YOU,
I CAN LURE YUSEI
RIGHT INTO MY HANDS.
LET'S DUEL!
I SUMMON BLACKWING
SHURA THE BLUE FLAME!
IT'S MY MOVE!
AND NOW, TRAP REACTOR
Y FI, ATTACK...
TREAT CROW TO A ROUND
OF DOUBLE R CANNON!
HUH?
YUSEI'S HERE!
BUT HE WON'T BE
FOR LONG.
AH!
GREIGER?
THIS WAS THE
ONLY WAY TO GET
REVENGE ON GOODWIN
FOR WHAT HE DID
TO ME.
HE DESTROYED MY
FAMILY, YUSEI!
I SUMMON DARKSEA
RESCUE IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW I DARK TUNE
MY DOOM SUBMARINE
AND MY DARKSEA RESCUE
IN ORDER TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON
DARK FLATTOP!
WHEN THE SHADOWS
ARE DEVOURED
BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN
PULLS BACK AND REVEALS
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
Crow: WHAT IS THAT?!
HA HA HA!
YOUR DOOM.
CROW WILL NEVER
SINK THAT THING!
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE THIS
DUEL'S JUST STARTING TO
GET INTERESTING.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
THAT'S QUITE
THE SHIP, GREIGER.
HEH. IT'S JUST TOO BAD
THAT I'M GONNA HAVE TO
SINK IT ALONG
WITH ALL YOUR LIFE POINTS.
OH PLEASE, YOU'RE NOT
GONNA BE SINKING
ANYTHING
OF MINE, CROW.
SEE WITH THE POWER
OF MY DARKSEA RESCUE,
I CAN ADD A COUPLE
OF REINFORCEMENTS
TO MY DECK.
AND SPEAKING
OF REINFORCEMENTS,
I ACTIVATE
DARK FLATTOP'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH LETS ME BRING BACK
FLYING FORTRESS SKY FIRE
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
ONCE PER TURN!
OH MAN, BUT I ALREADY
TOOK THAT THING OUT
ONCE THIS MATCH!
[THINKING]
AND YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO KEEP TAKING IT OUT
UNLESS YOU FIND A WAY
TO DEEP SIX GREIGER'S
DARK FLATTOP.
WELCOME BACK FLYING
FORTRESS SKYFIRE!
NICE MOVE, BUT THAT HUNK
OF JUNK IS ABOUT TO GET
GROUNDED, GREIGER!
AND HOW DO YOU PLAN TO
DO THAT WITH ONLY ONE
MONSTER LEFT
ON THE FIELD?
YOU SEE BY SENDING ONE
CARD TO THE GRAVEYARD
I CAN ACTIVATE SKY
FIRE'S SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH ALLOWS ME
TO DESTROY
YOUR BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER!
AND WITH HIM OUT
OF THE WAY,
I CAN NOW SET MY SIGHTS
ON THE ONLY MONSTER
YOU HAVE LEFT!
LOOKS LIKE THE ONLY
ONE BEING GROUNDED
THIS MATCH IS YOU!
AAH!
OH NO!
[GROANING]
Yusei: CROW!
DON'T EVEN BOTHER
TRYING TO GET BACK UP.
I'M AFRAID YOUR RUNNER'S
DOWN FOR THE COUNT
AND SO ARE YOU!
CROW!
STAY BACK!
IF YOU INTERFERE,
I'LL LOSE.
AND LOSING
ISN'T AN OPTION.
WELL, FROM THE WAY
THINGS LOOK UP HERE,
NEITHER IS WINNING.
YOU WISH, GREIGER.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA GET
RID OF ME THAT EASILY.
I GOT TOO MUCH,
TOO MUCH...
TO FIGHT FOR!
I OWE IT TO THE KIDS!
AND THAT MEANS
YOU'RE GONNA PAY.
WELL I'D LIKE TO SEE
YOU TRY AND COLLECT.
BUT YOUR RUNNER...
IS GONNA BE
JUST FINE, YUSEI.
TRUST ME.
IT MIGHT BE DOWN...
[ENGINE REVS]
BUT IT'S NOT OUT.
[TIRES SQUEAL]
HOW TOUCHING, CROW,
BUT I WOULD HAVE
STAYED DOWN
IF I WERE YOU!
WELL LUCKY FOR MY FRIENDS
YOU'RE NOT ME, GREIGER.
SHALL WE?
YES WE SHALL!
[THINKING]
I THOUGHT YOU WOULD HAVE
GIVEN UP BY NOW, CROW,
BUT I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
YOU WOULD NEVER BACK
DOWN SINCE YOU,
LIKE ME ARE FIGHTING
FOR THE MEMORIES
OF OUR FAMILIES
AND FRIENDS.
ALTHOUGH WE GREW UP
IN DIFFERENT PARTS
OF THE WORLD,
WE BOTH SHARED
A COMMON GOAL.
LIKE YOU, I HOPED THAT
DUELING WOULD PROVIDE
AN OUT TO THE LIFE
THAT HAD BEEN DEALT
TO MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY.
I BELIEVED THAT IF I
SHARED MY KNOWLEDGE
OF DUELING
WITH THOSE CLOSE TO ME,
SOMEDAY THEIR DREAMS
OF A BETTER LIFE
WOULD COME TRUE.
BUT BECAUSE OF GOODWIN,
THEIR DREAMS VANISHED
ALONG WITH THEIR HOME.
I PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN.
YOUR MOVE!
[THINKING]
MOVE?
I CAN BARELY BREATHE.
I THINK THAT FALL DAMAGED
MORE THAN JUST MY RUNNER,
BUT BEFORE I TAKE
OF MYSELF,
I GOTTA TAKE CARE
OF GREIGER!
LOOKS LIKE I'M UP!
[THINKING]
BUT I MIGHT NOT BE FOR
LONG UNLESS I FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO TAKE OUT HIS
FLYING FORTRESS SKY FIRE.
'CAUSE WITH THE SHAPE
I'M IN RIGHT NOW,
IF IT ATTACKS ME AGAIN,
I MIGHT NOT BE ABLE
TO KEEP FIGHTING
THIS FIGHT.
UNH!
[THINKING]
IT SOUNDS LIKE CROW'S MORE
HURT THAN HE'S LETTING ON.
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN!
IS THAT ALL?!
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE'S
TOO SCARED TO ATTACK.
TOO SCARED TO ATTACK?
I DON'T THINK SO.
YA SEE,
WHY ATTACK WHEN I CAN LET
ONE OF MY FACEDOWNS
DESTROY ALL YOUR
MONSTERS FOR ME?
YEAH RIGHT.
HAPPY HUNTING, GREIGER.
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
LITTLE DOES CROW KNOW
THAT I'VE ALWAYS GOT
A BACK UP PLAN
AND I THINK THIS IS
THE PERFECT TIME
TO PUT MY LITTLE
INSURANCE POLICY
INTO PLAY.
I SEND ONE CARD IN MY
HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO ACTIVATE
FLYING FORTRESS
SKY FIRE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH LETS ME DESTROY
ONE CARD ON YOUR FIELD!
NOW WHICH ONE WILL
IT BE?
HOW 'BOUT THE
ONE ON THE LEFT!
NOW ATTACK!
OHHH, SO CLOSE!
NOW IF YOU ATTACK ME,
ALL YOUR MONSTERS ARE
GOING TO BE ANNIHILATED!
THE ONLY THINGS THAT ARE
GOING TO BE ANNIHILATED
ARE THE LAST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
YOU HAVE NOTHING LEFT
TO PROTECT YOU EXCEPT
THAT ONE FACEDOWN,
AND THAT DOESN'T
SCARE ME FOR A SECOND.
THIS IS THE END
OF THE ROAD FOR YOU!
OF NOTHING, PAL.
YOU CANNOT STOP
THE INEVITABLE.
FLYING FORTRESS SKY
FIRE, FINISH CROW OFF
AND SEND HIM
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
BLACKWING... BACK FLASH!
AND SINCE I HAVE AT LEAST
FIVE BLACKWINGS
IN MY GRAVEYARD, THIS TRAP
DESTROYS ALL THE MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD JUST LIKE
I SAID IT WOULD.
HOW COULD YOU?!
WELL I COULDN'T
HAVE WITHOUT YOUR
HELP, GREIGER.
SO THIS IS ALL
MY OWN DOING?
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'VE GOT NO
ONE TO BLAME
BUT YOURSELF
FOR THE SITUATION YOU'RE IN.
MAYBE NEXT TIME YOU
WON'T UNDERESTIMATE
THE POWER OF MY DECK.
IT'S FUNNY YOU SHOULD
SAY THAT BECAUSE THAT'S
EXACTLY WHAT I WAS
THINKING WHEN I
SENT THIS
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
SENT WHAT TO
THE GRAVEYARD?
A LITTLE
INSURANCE POLICY
THAT ALLOWS ME TO DRAW
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK.
THAT'LL DO JUST FINE.
NEXT UP, I'LL
TRIGGER THE TRAP CARD
CONTAMINATED EARTH!
DUE TO ITS EFFECT,
BECAUSE I HAVE TWO
LEVEL 5 OR
ABOVE MONSTERS
IN MY GRAVEYARD
I CAN NOW SUMMON
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL!
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL?!
THIS IS JUST WHAT
I WAS AFRAID OF.
[BOOM BOOM]
YOURS IS A FUTURE
THAT WILL BE CLOAKED
IN ETERNAL DARKNESS.
NOW COME FORTH,
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CHACU CHALLHUA!
UH OH.
[ROARS]
THAT THING'S INCREDIBLE.
CROW BETTER WATCH OUT.
ALRIGHTY, CROW,
THIS IS IT.
I DRAW!
[THINKING]
BUT BEFORE I MAKE A MOVE,
I BETTER ASSESS
THE SITUATION.
GREIGER'S GOT MORE
LIFE POINTS THAN ME
AND A GIANT WHALE
PROTECTING HIM.
I GOTTA FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO BEACH THAT THING
BEFORE IT SWALLOWS
MY LIFE POINTS WHOLE.
I SUMMON BLACKWING FANE
THE STEEL CHAIN!
IF THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE
TO ATTACK WITH,
THEN PERHAPS YOU
SHOULD PULL OVER
AND END THIS DUEL.
I'M NOT STOPPING
FOR ANYTHING, YA GOT THAT?!
IN FACT, I'M COMING
STRAIGHT FOR YA!
BLACKWING, FANE
THE STEEL CHAIN,
ATTACK GREIGER DIRECTLY!
THAT WAS QUITE THE MOVE,
IT'S JUST TOO BAD THAT
IT'S GOING TO BE
THE LAST ONE YOU
EVER MAKE.
DON'T THINK SO!
YOU SEE, IT'S TIME
FOR PART TWO OF MY ATTACK
TO TAKE EFFECT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!
I MEAN THAT THERE
WAS MORE TO THAT MOVE
THAN MEETS THE EYE.
YOU SEE THE REAL PURPOSE
OF MY BLACKWING ATTACKING
WAS TO SWITCH YOUR WHALE
INTO DEFENSE MODE.
NOW THAT WHALE OF YOURS
COULDN'T EVEN HURT A FLY,
MUCH LESS ME
OR MY BLACKWING.
WAY TO GO, CROW!
NOW I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
IT'S MY MOVE THEN! HYAH!
NOW YOU MAY HAVE STOPPED
MY BEAST FROM ATTACKING
BUT WHO EVER SAID IT HAD
TO BE IN ATTACK MODE TO
DEAL OUT DAMAGE?
MY IMMORTAL
CAN'T BE STOPPED.
I ACTIVATE
CHACU CHALLHUA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH MEANS
YOUR LIFE POINTS GET HIT
FOR HALF THE AMOUNT
OF ITS DEFENSE POINTS.
THIS WASN'T PART
OF THE PLAN!
[GRUNTING]
HANG ON!
AAH!
I SUMMON DARKSEA
RESCUE IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP BASARA! HA!
BY PLAYING THIS CARD
I CAN NOW RELEASE
ONE MONSTER ON THE FIELD
TO DESTROY
A MONSTER WHOSE LEVEL
IS HIGHER.
AND AS AN ADDED BONUS,
NOT ONLY DO YOU LOSE ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS,
BUT YOU ALSO LOSE
800 OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
I RELEASE MY
DARKSEA RESCUE IN ORDER
TO DESTROY YOUR
FANE THE STEEL CHAIN!
HA HA HA!
WHAT?!
IF CROW DOESN'T STOP
THIS HE'S DONE FOR!
Leo: WE GOTTA
FIND YUSEI.
HE'S GOTTA BE AROUND
HERE SOMEWHERE.
WELL JUDGING FROM THAT
ENORMOUS PURPLE WALL,
I THINK IT'S SAFE
TO SAY THAT WE'RE
ON THE RIGHT TRACK.
YUSEI, I HOPE
YOU'RE OKAY.
I'D BE MORE WORRIED
ABOUT US BEING OK
WITH TRUDGE'S
DRIVING.
IF YOU DON'T STOP
THAT ATTACK,
YOU'LL LOSE, CROW!
I'M ON IT!
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD
EXPLOSION GUARD WHICH NOT
ONLY PROTECTS MY MONSTER
FROM YOUR IMMORTAL'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
BUT IT ALSO HITS YOU
FOR 500 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
NOOOO!
THIS LITTLE PEST IS
REALLY STARTING TO GET
UNDER MY SKIN.
ALRIGHT.
MY TURN!
[THINKING]
OKAY, CROW, IT ALL
COMES DOWN TO THIS.
YOU'VE ONLY GOT ONE
TRAP LEFT IN YOUR HAND.
THE ODDS ARE AGAINST YOU,
BUT THEY'VE BEEN AGAINST
YOU YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.
YOU CAN'T GIVE UP NOW;
YOU OWE IT TO THE KIDS.
IT'S TIME TO
DRAW A WINNER.
HERE GOES EVERYTHING.
JUST WHAT I
WAS HOPING FOR.
NOW I CAN GO AND LAY
DOWN A FACEDOWN
AND THEN SUMMON BLACKWING
BLIZZARD THE FAR NORTH!
[CHIRPS]
AND NOW THAT I'VE ADDED
A LITTLE OFFENSE
TO MY FIELD, I THINK I'LL
BALANCE IT OUT BY ADDING
THE DEFENSIVE ABILITIES
OF MY BLACKWING
SHURA THE BLUE FLAME.
NEXT, I TUNE MY
BLIZZARD THE FAR NORTH,
FANE THE STEEL,
AND SHURA THE BLUE FLAME
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACKWING SILVER WIND
THE ASCENDANT!
WELCOME TO THE GAME!
Computer: BLACKWING SILVER WIND
THE ASCENDANT IS A LEVEL 8
DARK ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
WITH 2800 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2000 DEFENSE POINTS.
THAT'S QUITE THE BEAST;
IT'S JUST TOO BAD
MY IMMORTAL'S SPECIAL
ABILITY WILL BE KEEPING
YOUR SILVER WIND
ON THE SIDELINES.
FINE BY ME, BECAUSE THAT
ALLOWS ME TO COUNTER
YOUR MOVE WITH
A SPECIAL ABILITY OF MY OWN.
SINCE MY FEATHERED FRIEND
COULDN'T BATTLE THIS TURN,
I CAN NOW DESTROY
UP TO TWO MONSTERS WHOSE
DEFENSE POINTS ARE
LESS THAN SILVER WIND'S
ATTACK POINTS!
THEN THAT MEANS...
YOUR IMMORTAL'S HISTORY,
AND THIS SHADOW DUEL
IS ABOUT TO COME TO END!
GO, PERFECT STORM!
PLEASE HELP.
YOU MUSTN'T DO THIS.
WHO'RE THEY?
PLEASE HELP US GET
BACK TO OUR VILLAGE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
VILLAGE?
ENOUGH STALLING, CROW.
IF YOU'RE NOT GONNA
FINISH YOUR MOVE,
THEN ALLOW ME TO.
BUT DON'T YOU SEE
THOSE KIDS UP THERE?
ALL I SEE IS
THE FINISH LINE, CROW!
BUT, GREIGER!
BUT NOTHING!
THERE'S KIDS UP THERE!
PLEASE, JUST LOOK
FOR YOURSELF!
FINE, YUSEI.
GREIGER, IT'S US.
PLEASE HELP.
[CRYING]
OHH!
HOW CAN THIS...
HOW CAN THIS BE?
GREIGER!
WHY ARE THERE PEOPLE
FROM MY VILLAGE
INSIDE THIS EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL?
[LAUGHING]
SO HE KNOWS THEM?
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO BE CERTAIN.
GREIGER, IS THAT
YOUR FAMILY?
I'M SURE OF IT NOW.
THE PEOPLE TRAPPED
INSIDE THIS EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL
ARE MY BROTHER
AND SISTER
AND PEOPLE
FROM MY VILLAGE.
THAT MEANS
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
ISN'T TO BLAME FOR THIS.
IT WAS THE DARK SIGNERS
WHO TOOK EVERYTHING
AWAY FROM ME!
SO IT'S THE DARK SIGNERS
WHO ARE RESPONSIBLE.
YES, AND HERE I
WAS BLAMING YOU
AND GOODWIN.
GREIGER! NOW THAT YOU
FIGURED OUT THE TRUTH,
YOU HAVE TO STOP THIS DUEL.
YUSEI, I'M SORRY.
I'LL FORFEIT THIS
DUEL SO THAT...
Roman:
YOU'LL FORFEIT NOTHING!
THIS IS NOTHING BUT
A SIGNER TRICK.
THEY ARE YOUR TRUE ENEMY.
SHOW NO MERCY
AND SEND THEM ALL
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
HA HA HA!
GREIGER!
I'M AFRAID YOUR TRICKERY
WILL NOT STOP ME
FROM SENDING YOU
AND THOSE LOYAL TO YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
COME ON!
GET OUT OF MY HEAD
WHOEVER YOU ARE!
PLEASE, CROW.
YOU MUST END THIS
DUEL RIGHT AWAY.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO RELEASE MY FAMILY
AND FRIENDS
FROM THEIR PRISON!
ARE YOU SURE?
AAH!
NOT EXACTLY!
IN FACT IT MIGHT BE
BEST IF I END
THIS DUEL
RIGHT AWAY.
MY TURN! HYAH!
I SWITCH CHACU CHALLHUA
INTO ATTACK MODE!
YOU'D BETTER BE
CAREFUL WITH GREIGER.
HE ISN'T GONNA
HOLD ANYTHING BACK!
THAT'S RIGHT, CROW.
NOW EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CHACU CHALLHUA, ATTACK!
NO!
DON'T GIVE UP...
YOU CAN END THIS DUEL,
I KNOW THAT YOU CAN!
HE'S RIGHT... I CAN...
[THINKING]
AND I WILL!
GREIGER'S BEAST MIGHT NOT
BE AFFECTED BY MY
TRAPS OR SPELLS,
BUT HIS OWN
ARE A DIFFERENT STORY.
THIS SHADOW DUEL
IS OVER!
IT WILL BE ONCE
I ACTIVATE PARASITE MIND!
WITH THIS, I CAN GAIN
CONTROL OF A TRAP CARD
ON YOUR FIELD
AND ACTIVATE ITS EFFECT!
AND THE TRAP CARD I'M
GONNA BE USING IS BASARA!
NOW I KNOW YOU'RE
FAMILIAR WITH HOW
THIS CARD WORKS AND I KNOW
YOU KNOW THE DAMAGE IT
CAN DISH OUT, BUT I BET YOU
NEVER KNEW THAT YOUR OWN
CARD WAS GOING TO BE
YOUR IMMORTAL'S UNDOING!
SO BY RELEASING MY LEVEL 8
SILVER WIND I CAN
DESTROY YOUR EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL CHACU CHALLHUA!
[ROARING]
[MOANING]
AAH!
IT'S OVER.
HUH?
AAH!
WATCH OUT!!!
HUH?
GREIGER!
NO!
[GRUNTING]
GREIGER,
ARE YOU OK?
I'M FINE.
AND CROW...
YOU'RE SAFE.
WHY'D YOU DO THAT?!
WHY DID YOU RISK
YOUR LIFE FOR ME?
BECAUSE, YOU RISKED
YOURS SO THAT MY FAMILY
AND FRIENDS COULD RETURN
TO THEIR HOMELAND.
GREIGER.
YOU MUST CONTINUE TO
FIGHT THE DARK SIGNERS.
STAY STRONG
AND SAVE YOUR FAMILY.
YOU CAN COUNT
ON IT, GREIGER!
YUSEI, THANK YOU FOR
HELPING ME SEE THE TRUTH.
YOU FREED ME
OF THE DARKNESS...
THAT WAS...
GRIPPING MY HEART.
OF COURSE.
YUSEI, THE SIGNERS
MUST STICK TOGETHER.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY YOU
WILL DEFEAT THE DARKNESS.
GREIGER!
WE WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
WE PROMISE!
CROW'S RIGHT, WE WON'T
STOP UNTIL THE DARKNESS
IS DEFEATED!
WHAT HAPPENED,
HUH, SIS?
I THINK WE'VE BEEN
SAVED, EVERYBODY!
SO WE'RE HOME?!
YOU BETCHA!
HEY CHECK IT OUT!
THAT'S A HUGE
FALLING STAR.
DO YOU THINK GREIGER
CAN SEE IT TOO?
HE ALWAYS LOVED
WATCHING THE SKY
AT NIGHT!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I BET HE CAN.
SO IS KALIN NEXT, YUSEI?
YES. WE HAVE SOME
UNFINISHED BUSINESS
TO ATTEND TO!